Saptkund trek
Saptkund trek is a holy place of Hinduism it is situated in laps of Nandaghunti peak.  there are seven lakes in this place they are commonly known as Saptkund. it is a beautiful place, this place is surrounded by Himalayan peaks and vast spread meadows of Shimbe, Shimbe is also known as hidden valley of flower many flower are found here in the month of July and august . Saptkund is situated at a height between 5400m to 5700m .the lakes generally frozen for winter season and during summer and monsoon season you can see the beauty of these lakes and surrounded peaks .The Shimbe bugyal is famous for its Varity of flora and fauna. The trek of Saptkund is also beautiful here you see the complete range of Himalaya  
The trek is Saptkund is started from Ramni is 260 km from Haridwar. 
Trek detail 
 1st day Haridwar to Ramni via-motor 2nd day –Ramni to Dholdhari 9 km 3rd day Dholdharri to Muarkholi 12 km  4th day Muarkholi to shimbe -8 km  5th day Shimbe to Ssptkund to back Shimbe -12 km 6th day Shimbe to Jhinjhi-19 km 7th day Jhinjhi to Haridwar.cost of this trek is – 14000/person









Kuari pas trek /Lord kurzen long trek 
Kuari pas is trek is one of the most beautiful trek for any mauntainento trek. it is atrek from where you can see more then forty Himalayan peak . this trek is adventurous and trek .generally this trek is started from Joshimath to Joshimath but a another old way of this trek start from Ramni which is alon more advantureous places.
The trek from started from Ramni 1st day Haridwar to Ramni 260 km 2nd –Ramni to Shemkhrkh – 9 km 3rd – Shemkhrkh to Pana -8 km 4th – Pana to kuari to Khuiara-12 km 5th day – Khulara – Tali – Gorson-Auli to Joshimath 15 km  6th day – Joshimath to Haridwar .
From kuari you can spent a another day trek to Pangarchula.
The over all cost of this trek is 11000/person .











Roopkund trek 
The mysterious lake trek is started from  Wan village of Chamoli district   it is know its skleton lake which is situated at a hught of 5200 m. this place is also base camp of Trishul and Nandaghunti Himalaya . this trek include the largest grassland of India Vedni . in Vedne there is also a lake surrounded by wast spread grassland .The Trishul Himalaya gives a wonderful look .
This trek started from Wan .
1st day Haridwar to Wan. 
2nd day Wan to vedni .
3rd day vedni to Baguabasa.
4th day from Baguabasa to Roopkund .   
5th day Shilasamudra to Homekund to Ronti pas to back Shilasamudra
6th day Shilasamudra to Sutol .
7th day Sutol to Haridwar .
Cost of this trek is 12000/persons. 







